ML Design Update & Validation Doc Updates & Ops Doc Updates (#59)
Capstone-Skynet/Capstone-Skynet.github.io: docs/design/3_1_2_platform_management.tex

\end{figure}

\subsubsection{Device Selection}
The selected device to implement the platform management system is the Raspberry Pi 4. As seen in Figure \ref{rpi}, the Raspberry Pi 4 is a small single-board computer which hosts an ARM Cortex A72 CPU, a CSI camera interface, 40 serial pins, WiFi/Bluetooth, and a gigabit Ethernet port. The Raspberry Pi 4 was selected over other single-computer platforms (including Arduino/Beagleboard/Orange Pi) as it:
\begin{itemize}
\item is relatively inexpensive (CAN\$45 in November 2019),
\item has a large support community and a wealth of driver/library support,
\item supports a wide range of high throughput I/O standards (USB/WiFi/Ethernet/Serial, \textbf{C.EX.3}),
\item provides an industry-standard camera interface (\textbf{C.EX.5}), and
\item supports extensible non-volatile storage (\textbf{F.CP.4}).

> \item has been regularly succeeded with cross-compatible revisions (presumably, including the upcoming Raspberry Pi 5) -- future-proofing the PMB segment

Reviewer: Maybe back these facts up with citations/datasheets/cross-reference validation documents?

All operations are managed by the ARM Cortex A72 chip running a headless version of the Raspbian operating system. 

\subsubsection{Use of Multiple Computing Boards}

> The presence of on-board WiFi/camera interfaces is the primary driving factor towards adopting a dual-board (Platform Management and Programmable) solution. While a single-board solution is possible, the development effort and cost of the computing platform would be considerably higher. Most programmable logic boards (including our chosen board, the Zedboard) require external expansion devices to interface with peripherals such as WiFi/cameras. These expansion devices, which connect to the programmable logic board via a serial connection, have poorly documented drivers and are of considerable expense -- ranging from US\$25 for a basic WiFi module\cite{digiwifi} to US\$200 for a compatible camera interface card\cite{digipmod}. External expansion devices also require considerable glue logic on the programmable logic board, potentially risking non-compliance with constraint \textbf{C.EX.2}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The presence of on-board Wi-Fi and camera interfaces is the primary driving factor towards adopting a dual-board (PMB and PLB) solution. While a uni-board solution is possible, the development effort and cost of the computing platform would be considerably higher. Most programmable logic boards (including our chosen board, the Zedboard) require external expansion devices to interface with peripherals such as WiFi/cameras. These expansion devices, which connect to the programmable logic board via a serial connection, have poorly documented drivers and are of considerable expense -- ranging from US\$25 for a basic WiFi module\cite{digiwifi} to US\$200 for a compatible camera interface card\cite{digipmod}. External expansion devices also require considerable glue logic on the programmable logic board, potentially risking non-compliance with constraint \textbf{C.EX.2}.
```

Reviewer: Additional reasoning:

- Everything fitted onto a single board would have longer turn-around time for design iterations
- Uni-board is harder to integrate with the drone as it is less modular --- reduces mechanical freedom
- Uni-board goes against the requirement/objective of expandability
